{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ChemEM - conf file check for angel. \
Differencemap module, angel, inter and alpha mask.\
Parsers for results, \
Sytem ligands, \
\
\
ChemEM2 docking, issues with clashes,\
\
It looks to be the repCap and the electrostatic interactions\
\
Can be the repCap too low,\
\
Can be the binding site residues are not included as lining mols,\
\
Can be that really bad solutions are being added for diversity. \
Can be the final refinement moving to far\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 /gpfs/cssb/group/cssb-topf/aaron/lassa_screening/maria_screen/vina_run/full/shard_0000/EOS1_out.pdbqt\
\
The new things may have helped but I am still getting massive clashes in some solutions.\
\
I needed to change the repMax properly, also now I need to map opened ring atoms bonded to the ring to their ring atoms so they get checked during docking\
\
Nah its an extra thing, where I have to check the really bad clashes for those under the mapping cutoff \
\
TODO! - add unit testing\
TODO! \'97 add nucleotide forecast fields\
TODO! - add manual binding site \
TODO! - add ligand open ring torsion clashes \
TODO! - add aromatic class mat clashes\
TODO! - add density map to scoring function.\
\
\
}